README.md, before:

<h1>Hi, I'm Habeeb!</h1>

I'm an IT graduate aspiring to be a Cybersecurity professional. My goal is to contribute to the protection of sensitive information and critical infrastructures 
against cyber threats. I am particularly interested in roles such as Security Analyst, IT Support Specialist, System Administrator, and Jr. Penetration 
Tester.

While these roles are of particular interest to me, I am also open to other entry-level cybersecurity roles that would allow me to gain practical experience 
and further develop my skills. I am committed to continuous learning and professional development, and I am eager to contribute my skills and knowledge to make 
a meaningful impact in the field of cybersecurity.

<h2>👨‍💻 Cybersecurity Projects:</h2>

- <b>Python</b>
  - [Python 3 Pentesting Tools](https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Python3-Pentesting-tools)
  - [Telstra Cybersecurity Virtual Experience Program](https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Telstra-Cybersecurity-Virtual-Experience-/tree/main)


<h2> 📝 CTF Write-Ups (HTB)</h2>

- [Jerry](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/jerry-hackthebox-write-up-275c9f6144d7)
- [Tactics](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/tactics-hackthebox-starting-point-6ef40cda264a)

<h2> 🤳 Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="HabeebKareem | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ha-bib/

<!--

Commit message:

Update README.md - Added medium links

README.md, after:

<h1>Hi, I'm Habeeb!</h1>

I'm an IT graduate aspiring to be a Cybersecurity professional. My goal is to contribute to the protection of sensitive information and critical infrastructures 
against cyber threats. I am particularly interested in roles such as Security Analyst, IT Support Specialist, System Administrator, and Jr. Penetration 
Tester.

While these roles are of particular interest to me, I am also open to other entry-level cybersecurity roles that would allow me to gain practical experience 
and further develop my skills. I am committed to continuous learning and professional development, and I am eager to contribute my skills and knowledge to make 
a meaningful impact in the field of cybersecurity. At the same time, I publish insightful Medium blogs delving into the realm of cybersecurity, sharing the knowledge and insights I've acquired on various pertinent topics.

<h2>👨‍💻 Cybersecurity Projects:</h2>

- <b>Python</b>
  - [Python 3 Pentesting Tools](https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Python3-Pentesting-tools)
  - [Telstra Cybersecurity Virtual Experience Program](https://github.com/bL34cHig0/Telstra-Cybersecurity-Virtual-Experience-/tree/main)


<h2> 📝 Medium Blog</h2>

- [Active Directory Lab Part 1](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/mastering-active-directory-a-step-by-step-guide-to-building-your-ultimate-lab-environment-part-1-9e99e85da384)
- [Active Directory Lab Part 2](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/mastering-active-directory-a-step-by-step-guide-to-building-your-ultimate-lab-environment-part-2-50b6a36f61e6)
- [Cybersecurity Free Resources](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/hack-your-way-into-cybersecurity-mastering-the-basics-with-free-resources-courses-46adc787f063)
- [Benefits of Having an Active Directory Lab](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/supercharge-your-cybersecurity-journey-with-an-active-directory-lab-a546a45af692)
- [Jerry - HTB](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/jerry-hackthebox-write-up-275c9f6144d7)
- [Tactics - HTB](https://medium.com/@bl34chchig0/tactics-hackthebox-starting-point-6ef40cda264a)
  

<h2> 🤳 Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="HabeebKareem | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ha-bib/

<!--
